Policy Manual
Thank you for taking the time to study this policy. This manual outlines legally bind policies and procedures that must be followed to 
1.) establish a Skilltap affiliation; 
2.) order, purchase, sell of Skilltaps products;
3.) recruit new affiliates into Skilltaps; 
4.) earn income from sales of Skilltaps products and/ or services; 
5.) manage your Skilltaps organization; 
6.) maintain your affiliation in good standing with Skilltaps.


Skilltaps International
Skilltaps International markets and sells educational products and services and other consumer products through independent affiliates in a network marketing structure. Sales organization can be built with affiliates in any country in which Skilltaps has formally opened for business. Skilltaps makes its products and services available to affiliate at a retail price for personal use only. Affiliates can only share Aegis-one opportunity with others. 
Affiliate Code of Ethics
In pursuing the success of their Skilltaps business, Skilltaps independent affiliates, herein after, referred to as IBO (Independent Business Owner) shall safeguard and protect the image of Skilltaps and its products. IBOs shall refrain from all conducts which might be harmful to the reputation of Skilltaps and its products or will damage the ability of others to participate in the Skilltaps opportunity. Skilltaps affiliates will be professionals in their approach to the business, and will treat other affiliates, customers and Skilltaps employees respectfully and courteously in their interaction. Affiliates will strictly avoid all deceptive, misleading, discourteous, unethical, and immoral conduct. IBOs will respect the honest efforts of fellow IBOs and will not engage in predatory or unethical recruitment practices. 
Skilltaps respects the business activities of all legitimate companies and strictly discourages any Skilltaps IBO from unfairly representing any competitive opportunity. Skilltaps believes that the ultimate success of all Skilltaps affiliates depends on its ability to bring important services, products and opportunities to the market. This will be done in a positive and honourable way.
Circumvention of Policy
Skilltaps policies and procedures are designed to protect affiliates and the company from the adverse consequences of their violation. Affiliates who directly or indirectly, circumvent policies and procedures to accomplish personal or group gains will be deleted. Affiliate so affected will lose all rights whatsoever, all pending payments, etc. in addition, he/she may be handed over to the police and/ or sued. 
At its sole discretion, Aegis-one has the right to adjust bonuses, commissions, and/ or the placement and status of an affiliate or of those in the affiliate’s upline who were affected.
Amending Skilltaps Policy
Skilltaps reserves the right to amend the Distributor Agreement, this Policy Manual, Procedures, services and products prices, company literature and the compensation plan without prior notice at any time. Any such changes will be communicated to affiliates by posting them in the Skilltaps website and sending them to the affiliates’ e-mails who are active and receiving payments from Skilltaps.

Becoming an Skilltaps Affiliate and/ or Mentee
Affiliates/ mentee must be of legal age in the country in which they reside. They must pay the non-refundable annual fee of N11,000 and must be willing to attend training, coaching and educational sessions run by Skilltaps herein after referred to as the company. 
Skilltaps reserves the right to reject / terminate and delete any affiliate whose application is found to be incomplete, contains false information, or not accomplished by proper and acceptable means of identification. Proper and acceptable means of identification shall include, international passport, national ID card, permanent voters card, valid driver’s license, bank account, BVN, correct contact address and phone number.
Independent Contractor Status
Skilltaps affiliates are independent contractors. For both taxation and legal purposes, they are not franchisees, joint ventures, partners, employees or agents of Skilltaps. They are prohibited from stating or implying anything to the contrary either orally or in writing. And affiliate has no authority, rights whatsoever to bind Skilltaps or any of its subsidiary company or incur any obligation on behalf Skilltaps.  
